##Config source for the web app
az webapp deployment source config --repo-rul --branch master --manual-integration

##Table Storage
You will need to include partition key in your query otherwise all the records will be returned to the client.

##Event Grid Event Schema
topic, subject, id, eventType, eventTime, data :{\*\*object-unique-to-its-publisher}
, dataVersion, metadataVersion

We need to ensure id and topic are in place in a class definition for the object.
##Cache for redis
you can use user session data in the cache, instead of the cookies for example

## Service bus topic filter

correlationFilter uses filter matching user and system properties. the filter is case-senstive, and its logical AND all the properties must match

## Service bus top fitler

SQL filter uses system and user properties and for the system properties you will need to use sys. in the conditional expression.

## Webapp with docker config

az Webapp config container set --docker-custom-image-name $dockerhubcontainerpath --name $appname --resource-group $resourceGroup

## Notification to send to the client

you can create NotificationHubClient object first
and call CreateClientFromConnectionString

## APIM policy

Cache-lookup is inbound and cache-store duration is outbound policy
duration is second

**return-response policy can be inbound**
You inbound policy can get the token from the request header
send request to token server to validate token and check to response variable in the body and use 'return-response' policy with set-status 401 to the client.
in the inbound section.

## Application insight

Funnel in the context of APIM shows the users behavior and how they follow the steps their journey to finish a task in the system.

### Impact

related to page load

### Funnel

users follow the steps

### User Flows

tool to visualize how users navigate between the pages and features of your site
1- How do users navigate away from a page on your site
2- What do users click on a page on your site
3- Where are the places that users churn most from your site
4- Are ther places where users repeat the same action over and over

### CDN sertting

1- Ignore query string default mode POP node passes the query strings to the origin server on the first request and caches the asset. All subsequent request for the asset that are servered from the POP ignore the query strings

2- Bypass caching for query strings: request with query strings are not cached at the CDN POP node. The POP will retrieve th e asset directory from the origin server each time.

3- Cache every uniqu URL: each request with a unique URL including query string is treat as a unique asset with its own cache.
